# SourceBots Minutes 2018-05-14

# Meeting
- Inventory
    - Snipeit seems promising!
        - Designed for deploying IT assets to employees
- *Action Point* Jake to prod Diane 
- Next Year:
    - We'll go ahead assuming that there won't be a merge (to make sure we don't fall behind on the next competition)
        - This means we need to find sponsors etc (on the condition of us running a competition?)
            - *Action Point* Kajetan to look into sponsors
            - *Action Point* Anton to look into sponsors?
        - We also need to manufacture more kits
- Dan and Kajetan will possibly be in Southampton (Working full time on something else)
- 
# Doing
- Finish & Send out the feedback survey
    - Also mention to them if they have a kit to give it back by 1st of June (if not sooner)

- Blocked development trello cards

- Clean up all trello boards
 
