# SRO Meeting agenda 2018-10-08

## Freshers
- We have new people
- Activity Day
    - Retro

- New Mailing List
    - sourcebots.org/signup
    - sourcebots.slack.com


## SRO Rebranding

- Discussion of redefining SourceBots to be an event rather than an organisation.
    - SourceBots and MiniBots are "brands" of SRO
    - SourceBots for older, MiniBots for younger?
        - Classify activities by brand, so that there isn't duplication of branding in materials.
- Purchase of a domain name
    - Contains all of MB and SB and links to other websites
    - Potential Domains:
        - sro.bot
        - srobot.org
- Final Logo Decisions, cleanup svg files and commit to git
    - ask nathan to finish them
    - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xcVI1lb5OPnbxy5zW63FOzwBvodWJ0-B
    - Minibots - friendly logo + Forest Green-ish #0B821A
    - SourceBots - Diode + Purple #4A0B9F
    - SRO - Robot Arm #BC8C41
    - Progress?

## Misc

- G Suite
    - Henry - Any progress?

- Smallpeice meeting with Reena
    - Dan, Kajetan and Tyler met with Reena, Geoff Merritt and Heather this morning
- Funding
    - Review Anton's ARM email
## New Projects

- RUB Bots
    - Demo bot in a RUB
- Tudor MK2
    - Make them collapsable 
    - ~Roughly £15-20 worth of parts
        - https://www.screwfix.com/p/joint-connector-bolts-bzp-m6-x-35mm-50-pack/87106
        - https://www.screwfix.com/p/insert-nuts-type-d-m6-x-13mm-50-pack/59937
        - chissel to modify wood
        - could also get some hinges to make them fold down rather than disasemble.
- Camera Module
    - Pi Compute Module
    - USB B connector
    - Busybox / embedded linux
    - Camera module
        - https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=43&t=224309
- Manufacture of New Kit
    - Power board improvements
    - Servo Boards
    - Smallpeice increase to 80
- Inventory


## Smallpiece 2018 cleanup
- SUSU have been paid
- Certificates need sending 
    - Needs sending
- Missing orders (where are they?)
    - Wheel hubs (backorder) - Arrived?
    - Drill charger (wrong one)
    - RUB trolley (no idea) 
        - **ACTION POINT** Kajetan and Dan will chase Shaun Ford
- Find Alistair's pen
    - Probably can't find that now
    - Buy a new one?
    - £55.81
        - Fix for next year, add items to the personal property list

# Meeting 8th October 2018 minutes 

We have new people.
Dan explained the brands of our society/how we are structured.

## Activity day retro
- Pros:
    - It was awesome, mindstorms pain to work with.    
        MBEDs were good

We have a new mailing list.

# Rebranding
- Dan mentioned that the logos are inconsistent
    - Action point: Nathan to fix are logos!

# Henry
G suite, free 'free' for educational purposes:
-  (cut-out features)
-  we need to prove our educational status

Registered charity
- We can register under SUSU?
- Non-governmental (we are)
    - Action point: Henry to investigate

# Smallpeice meeting
- Increase size to 80
- Provisional dates in slack, we have provisional description.
    - Action point: Confirm it.

# New kits
- We currently have 9 full kits
- We need to make more
- Tyler will be developing modifications
    - Action point: Speak to him
- Servos: Investigate costings to fix current draw problem

# Camera Module
- Tyler got Pi to reply to them about the camera module
    - Action point: Tyler to continue to investigate
- Pi compute

# Collapsible robots
Are current demo bots take up too much room, we want to develop a system where we can collapse.

# Misc
We paid SUSU! :)
Missing orders.
