# 2018-04-16 Meeting Minutes
## Things to Discuss:
- stream dev
    - Saturday: Just the UI
    - We've decided to not use the old polymer code for the stream.
    - JQuery for everything, speaking to event-stream
    - Just needs hooking up
        - Wrapper around the matches API
        - We need a working sr-comp to test against.
    - SUSUTV said they were able to pull together quite a big team to help out.
- Hats.
    - People need hats
        - Go buy hats
            - Anton has a horse head.
            - Kajetan and Dan haz matching hats
            - Andy has 6 hats to give out
- Emails
    - Volunteering email
        - Needs review
    - Rules fix
        - Area of the scoring zone
        - Token IDs
    - Flags
        - We need to make flags

- Second team kit
    - We've given Barton Peveril a second kit
        - This means we have 9 teams (Yay).
- Trophies
    - Haven't arrived yet. Worst case: make some.

- Andy went to Hills Road for their competition
    - https://sourcebots.slack.com/files/U2XQV2C74/FA71TUUTD/andy___s_day_trip_to_robocon
- T-shirts arrived
- Wristbands arrived
 
## Things to Do:
- Assemble Tokens
- Flags
- Finish stream
- Start commentators interface?
- Assign roles to volunteers (Andy)
