# Meeting 2018-02-05 Minutes

- Talk about the banner image for the website
    - Something with our logo in it
    - Fix tagline to be something other than "site is under construction"
        - something like "EXCITING ROBOTICS CHALLENGES FOR TEAMS OF YOUNG PEOPLE", but less dry
    - Added some cards to trello for development process and GDPR compliance
    - **Action Point** Henry to make a banner image.

- GDPR (again)
    - Netlify is an american company without privacy shield. We aren't allowed to send personally identifiable information to them.
    - We should confirm with a legally trained person on what exactly personally identifiable information means.
    - Also there might be problems with Circle-CI

- Add a CONTRIBUTORS file
    - There's an issue with random people contributing to our repos.
    - Contributor license agreement:
        - Get them to sign a license before we can merge any changes.
        - Lots of complications
            - Requires us to be an entity
            - Requires admin of who's signed it

- Docs Licensing
    - They're MIT so we need to mention they're originally made by SR
    - Fixed in (https://github.com/sourcebots/docs/pull/36)
    - We might need to move to 'CC by'
    - **Action point:** _Owned by Tyler_ create a 'how we license things' document

- Mailing list:
    - We probably should move some discussions to a separate mailing list

- Discuss the tech day retro, create actual action items.
    - Tech day retro: https://github.com/sourcebots/minutes/blob/master/2018/2018-02-03-Retro.md
    - **Action Point** _Andy_ Next Tech day: book Boldrewood
    
- Team email:
    - **Action Point** _Jake_ Create an email 
        - about kit issues, 
        - mention they can create pull requests or issues or email us
        - Also release kit updates
        - USB plug in / unplug restart
        - Vision _is fucked_
        - 
  
- Mentoring:
    - Doodle Poll: *redacted*
    - **Action Point** _Andy_ Add video chat to doodle poll

- Talk about the medal
    - Don't spend too long on them
    - Also they should be high quality
    - **Action Point** _Anton_ Get the cost for the medals.

- Get the update ready to ship
    - Version numbering should be implemented.
        - 2018.1, 2018.2, etc..
        - Robot-API - print in the log
        - No need to version individual components because they're released with pi-image.
    - Vision doesn't work
        - **Action Point** _Andy_ Get vision working with [unofficial python opencv bindings](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/opencv-python)
    - Merge open PRs
    - We should still ship on Wednesday, but not wait on the re-model
    - **Action Point** _Andy_ Fix PR for marker sizes.

- Shipping the Simulator can be done after stuff
    - **Action Point** _Andy_ to fix simulator PR.
