# Meeting 8th October 2018 minutes 

We have new people.
Dan explained the brands of our society/how we are structured.

## Activity day retro
- Pros:
    - It was awesome, mindstorms pain to work with.    
        MBEDs were good

We have a new mailing list.

# Rebranding
- Dan mentioned that the logos are inconsistent
    - Action point: Nathan to fix are logos!

# Henry
G suite, free 'free' for educational purposes:
-  (cut-out features)
-  we need to prove our educational status

Registered charity
- We can register under SUSU?
- Non-governmental (we are)
    - Action point: Henry to investigate

# Smallpeice meeting
- Increase size to 80
- Provisional dates in slack, we have provisional description.
    - Action point: Confirm it.

# New kits
- We currently have 9 full kits
- We need to make more
- Tyler will be developing modifications
    - Action point: Speak to him
- Servos: Investigate costings to fix current draw problem

# Camera Module
- Tyler got Pi to reply to them about the camera module
    - Action point: Tyler to continue to investigate
- Pi compute

# Collapsible robots
Are current demo bots take up too much room, we want to develop a system where we can collapse.

# Misc
We paid SUSU! :)
Missing orders.

# Allocation
We assigned ourselves to projects.
