# Meeting 2018-02-26 Minutes
Hangout: https://hangouts.google.com/call/p8wJyZ56KP-gltWOo7M2ABEI
- Technical Overview presentation
    - *Action Point*: Andy to upload the presentation
- Update Trello
- Email:
    - Tell teams they're over half way
    - Confirm the date
    - Also release an update?
    - Jake is drafting an email
    - Tech day reminder
    - Media consent coming soon
    - Finish time will be no later than 5pm, may be later, will be confirmed in advance
- SUSU funding:
    - There's another SUSU funding round coming, we need:
        - A Lamp for the cupboard
        - A lock box (required for data protection, by EU Law.)

- The cube
    - Any update from union films?
        - No, we've decided to go ahead with the date despite this, because we need to give teams enough time. Easter starts in 3 weeks, if teachers need students to fill out forms for health and safety they need to start now.
    - We should confirm the date Tomorrow for the competition: 21st April.
        - End time will be 'the afternoon', as we don't know if UF will let us use the Sunday evening.
    - If Max let's us use the cube, even better
    - Jake is drafting an email

- SR's VMs
    - Have been deleted
    - We're pretty sure this won't break things

- Shipping the new website
    - Netlify issue
    - What's left on WP?
        - Sponsors page maybe?
    - Do the DNS swap (Andy + Jake)
    - Jake has sent new DNS record to Andy

- Discussion point: Detecting out of focus camera

- Discussion point: create an Internal Docs trello board?
    - This would aim to list things we should record on whatever internal docs platform we choose.
    - Action point: create board and add cards. Some ideas:
        - A hub / "welcome pack" for new volunteers
        - High-level architecture and design decisions of kit
        - List of useful slack channels + purposes
            - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OTam39nzC2FhaTP_3WPu5WbCCCtyX8Qn-SyyLoHrpXQ/edit#heading=h.cenwr2u8xtkg
        - How to run events
            - What tasks need to be done?
            - What volunteer roles exist, and what are their requirements?
            - What equipment needs to be sourced?
            - We seem to have a lot trof traditions here, especially when it comes to Smallpeice - it would be good to get these down on paper to reduce the impact of bus factor.
        - How to develop
            - What tools do we use, and how do we use them?
                - Git, Github, Circle, Netlify, MyPy/Flake8/etc, Hugo
            - How to review a PR?
            - Style guides
            - Team Communication
            - Walkthrough on how to make an improvement?
                - Set up environment
                - Obtain code
                - Implement change
                - Test change locally if possible
                - Create PR
                - Respond to review comments
            - Who has expertise in particular areas?
                - Kit software
                - Kit hardware
                    - Kit
                - Board communication
                - Packaging / Distribution
                - Web & docs

Socials:
- Escape room
- Artemis
