# 2018-03-26 Meeting Agenda
## Smallpeice 
What follows is a description of what Smallpeice is, which was explained to our ECS Liason for Smallpeice
### Teams and People Involved
- Smallpeice
    - People
        - 10 x 5 teams - 50 students
            - Looking to increase to around 75 in future
        - 3 Organisational Staff
        - 1 - 2 ARM Staff
        - 6 Mentors
    - Bookings
        - Liase with ECS and Conference + Hospitality
        - Conference + Hospitality deal with accomodation for students and volunteers
    - Organise evening activities
        - May ask for room bookings
        - Book external venues e.g bowling
    - 
- ECS
    - Speakers, organisational staff
    - Possibility of lab demostrators to pad volunteer numbers.
- SUSU
    - Events Booking
    - Tech
        - Equipment etc
    - Catering
    - Also, UnionFilms + SUSUtv
- SourceBots
    - Consists of Southampton volunteers (mainly undergrads) and external volunteers (mainly people who have left the uni)
    - Provides volunteers.
        - Requires ~20 volunteers for 50 students, but numbers are subject to change. Last year had 19, which was just about sufficient

## SourceBots
- Arrange Towing Tank Tour. *ACTION POINT* andy to organise
- Stream Hack Day: April 7th
    - Beforehand:
        - Build a basic prototype.
        - *ACTION POINT* Andy: Speak to SUSU TV on how much they can help (for free)
- Any final comments before we merge [the .spelling file change][spelling]?
- Discuss names on website with respect to GDPR and the implications of this
    - for instance, if someone consents but then x years down the line withdraws, how do we handle GIT history etc..?
    - The plan is w can remove someone from the git history easily (it does break people's local version but oh well). There is an issue that it's distributed, so we'd have to remove it from everything. *This is for the industry to solve, not us*. Solution: Wait to see what the open source industry says about this.
- Issue with access on editing docs, barrier to learn MD
    - [Typora Editor](https://typora.io/)
    - *ACTION POINT* Recommend typora for newbies.
    - Nicely formats tables :)
- External link checker is a PITA if it breaks on external links
    - Solution:
        -  Don't run external check on CI
        - We can use Hugo to build the internal links for us, and check they actually resolve!
        - *ACTION POINT* Approve the PR to Remove the external link checker
        - ~~It seems to be due to blcl respecting robots.txt files.~~ No idea why actually.
   
- What do we do about https://github.com/sourcebots/docs/issues/118 ?
    - This is quite confusing and does need resolving.
    - Solution: Add a css rule to change the font of `<pre>` tags. *Action Point* Dan to do that.
- Send out media consent forms.
    - *ACTION POINT* Andy to fix the form
    - *ACTION POINT* Andy to fix the email for MCF

## Competition Organising:
- Order wristbands *today* *ACTION POINT* Andy to order.
    - [Spreadsheet with costs][wristbands-cost]

    - Paper: No.
    - Vinyl: not as nice as fabric, might chaff
    - Silicon: About the same price as fabric, may as well go for fabric.
    - Fabric with metal crimp: Best option
    - **Final Decision:** supplier: ID&C fabric.
- Competition (Volunteer) sign up forms and t-shirts!!! *Action Point* Anton: Make a google form to sign up to volunteer during the competition.
    - T-shirt size
    - Which days they can help
    - Will they need housing
    - If they're interested in a formal meal on the Sunday.
- How much money does Joyce have for us?
    - Dunno.
    - Joyce has been avoiding Andy (unintentionally)
    - *ACTION POINT* Andy to send an email to joyce asking her how much money she has for us
- Do we need events insurance?
    - *Action Point* Andy to ask Joyce about insurance
- Do we want St Johns ambulance around?
    - Costs money, SUSU/Security should provided required cover.
    - Andy's housemate is in St Johns.
    - Decision: No need, they're expensive and we have plenty of first-aiders around anyways.
- Check the event Trello.
- Things to speak to SUSU about:
    - See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dHh5evUenu-xWXc9MuviTiZB6icvO9HlHT5fw3oLt7I/
- Things we need from elsewhere:
    - 20x Radios

- Letting teams keep their kits for a bit:
    - We don't see why not 
    - Rules: 
        - They must ship kits back to us securely (i.e. in bubble wrap and with insurance)
        - The kits must arrive by 1st June (straight after exams, before the end of term)

[rtr]: https://www.studentrobotics.org/cgit/recurring-tasks.git/tree/
[spelling]: https://github.com/sourcebots/volunteer-docs/pull/28
[wristbands-cost]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1849a5HPI5dpata_ai8N9Fbqg3U0Su8u-_lVwbhkPF9E/edit?usp=sharing
